Frank Sheeran yes I know right yeah you
said right under the contract management
can only fire a driver on very specific
charges so you have a show up late give
any moving violations so do you drink on
the job
no never hit anybody have a job yeah I
don't think so all right then we don't
have nothing to worry about I want you
to meet my cousin Russell Bufalino oh
yeah hey nice to meet you who's like the
army
you followed orders you did the right
thing
you got rewarded a friend of ours is
having a little trouble friend that the
cop back then there was nobody in this
country who didn't know who Jimmy Hoffa
was it always charged a guy with a gun
with a knife you run away
so you're charged with a gun with a
knife you run are you Frank
would you like to be a part of history
yes I would
big business and the government by
working together trying to pull us apart
something's gotta be done what else he
say now's not the time to not say we're
going at war with these people or digit
bad nanny with our friends you gotta sit
down everybody says so
so I'm not sitting down I can't do it
it's what it is one of this I new things
they don't know why
it's gonna happen either way he's going
[Music]
you know I don't okay whether you did it
or not that makes no difference to me
yeah I know I'm here to defend you right
right what do you wanna know if I did
[Music]
what is it
white jack maybe for our pounds
I have hit the mother I think this one's
going to the highest bidder
so nice to see American faces Marine
Commando under arrest for crimes against
humanity seizures can happen without
warning my radio will be on 24 hours men
that we're looking for
it's a mercenary assassin the
professional killer Loffler let most of
the animals out there's only so many
places he gonna live who says he's gonna
hide I'm going hunting government wants
him alive
if you all Fleur put a bullet in him the
same goes for the cat and kill my cat
I'll blow your head off a real nice cage
for you radar
[Music]
I guess
Oh
the way
these things go
so my face
[Music]
I've changed
I found grace
[Music]
and so just so
[Applause]
in
cage and way
[Music]
so
you ready
[Applause]
[Music]
how do you keep doing it I do my job
he's next 24 hours are crucial defense
attorney has already asked for a
reprieve from the governor's office you
want to play this good guys and bad guys
you know one of the bad guys
I'll give these men respect all the way
through
I want to share her bed with my wife how
long is this gonna be going on
[Music]
oh we want this to be seen and to be
heard Manistee not over I don't know if
this is gonna make things better
but I'm trying can't understand can't
know what it's like I am going to fight
for him right up until the very moment
you stick that needle in his arm
you've given me hope I can't do this on
my own video
[Music]
warden love use your brave girl
so what's the story young lady
we're on our way to Minneapolis it
wasn't an accident
nice out well sooner or later everybody
does right dad I nearly had you that
night
since you're traveling I'd like to do a
cat scan daddy's gonna take care of I'm
gonna wait right here for you when you
get out it's been hours you know how
much longer it's gonna be what was her
name again Harry Monroe
I'm not seeing a Perry Monroe there
hasn't been a scan since nine o'clock
this morning what are you telling me
they're not here at the whole day in
front of you not finding any Monroe I
just want to see my wife and daughter do
you have any food don't record in the
treatment areas I rent that the camera
can't see them because of the chairs you
get a better angle
you saw my little girl you treated her
own well I've got to go on is your word
that they were here at all thinks I'm
making them up
why would I have my daughter scoff but
not her there's something wrong with
this place should you the picture that
could be anybody
where's concerned about them as you are
so nobody needs to get hurt
I mean he's a head case
[Music]
this thing first killed a kid in the 90s
named Charlie Grimm criminal right yeah
and after that his spirit started
pumping up everywhere yeah so the real
Charlie challenges for life the years
1710 and yet if I knew it was the last
year of life which is mine I am but a
lowly peasant and I too long for
something more more than the life my
mother gave me she bestowed upon me the
name August Benjamin Rutherford big
how're you doing
[Music]
rigid or
it's probably the kids who are you
talking to last night there was these
college kids who left a cell phone there
I went through it to see whose it was
you don't want to see it it's awful
we have been something I'm scared you're
scared too
[Music]
we never ever need to talk them here for
you
you're acting guilty
[Applause]
[Music]
what's your name
preacher
now you're really tempting me to ask
what it is you do for a living there are
some men who would like to see this land
taken from us now that father's dying
they will do anything to try and run
this office later we had a long time to
find somebody to take on this task
someone that did not fear the endeavor
is someone that I could but baton
you could always retire I'm working on
it it's bad
in order to calculate it
drinkin whiskey bored
detective what'd he say we give these
folks a good old-fashioned down now
we'll showdown
do you refuse to go quietly you notice
anything different about the city is
this a quiz I got a right to I get not
alone sir don't want you to get it right
that means what I did worked
I'm gonna get it wrong on purpose life
for once in your life can you be
bloodied or normal very normal
[Music]
there's no proven its viruses the lights
managers why don't you just eat more
Tomatoes what's wrong with you
[Music]
can you come up here should've left
daddy it's only a fish we still have to
feed it flashy flashy
[Music]
there isn't a moment I won't be there
with you in a particular style today -
[Music]
it suits you whatever door doesn't take
her tea cosy
[Music]
this feeling that I can get through it
but somehow change me I don't think it
has I don't think I wanted to far away
as north as we can go once stood an
enchanted forest you see an enchanted
forest yes it was a magical place but
something went wrong
since then no one can get in or that was
a deck
[Music]
what would I do without you you'll
always have me
how's Elsa seemed weird to you she seems
like Elsa there's this voice voice what
does that mean
the kingdom is not safe find who is
calling to you they may have answers I'm
going with you
Anna no excuse me I climbed the Knorr
mountain survived a frozen heart and
saved you from my ex-boyfriend so you
know I'm coming that's normal
where are we
how did you get in the force the mist
parted for us impossible where did you
learn magic
[Music]
follow me in the bunker then don't run
into fire
[Music]
magic is very alluring without you she
may lose herself
protect arendelle at all cost
I believe in you Elsa
or anything
quick question is the whole putting up
some mortal games are gonna be a regular
thing
[Music]